Update main readme (#32)
nestauk/comp_sci_gender_bias: README.md

# Gender Bias in GCSE Options

<img src="https://github.com/nestauk/comp_sci_gender_bias/blob/dev/outputs/figures/girls_entry_percentage/girls_entry_percentage_img.png?raw=true" width="400" />

There is a disparity in the proportion of students choosing to take different subjects at GCSE level according to their gender. Typically, boys are overrepresented in subjects like computer science, while the same is true for girls in subjects like drama. Some subjects, such as geography exhibit a more even split in uptake between boys and girls.

> In this project, we examine the text from GCSE option descriptions as a potential driver or indcator of biasses that lead to disparities in uptake. The descriptions are taken from a number of schools and are used to inform students about the GCSE options that they have to choose from. While the messages in these texts may not be the deciding factor for students' choices, they may be indicative of portrayals of the subjects within a school and wider society. Analysing whether differences exist between subjects is one way to inform interventions that are within schools' immediate control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, we examine the text from GCSE subject(?) descriptions as a potential driver or indicator of biasses that lead to disparities in uptake. The descriptions are taken from a number of schools and are used to inform students about the GCSE options that they have to choose from. While the messages in these texts may not be the deciding factor for students' choices, they may be indicative of portrayals of the subjects within a school and wider society. Analysing whether differences exist between subjects is one way to inform interventions that are within schools' immediate control.
```

## Project outline

The project is formed of several components, including data collection, processing and analysis:

> - **Data collection**: A number of course descriptions were obtained by Behavioural Insights Team (BIT) for computer science and geography courses from around 180 schools. This was supplemented by data scraped from approximately 50 additional school websites by Nesta, covering computer science, geography and drama.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data collection**: A number of course descriptions were obtained by the Behavioural Insights Team (BIT) for computer science and geography courses from around 180 schools. This was supplemented by data scraped from approximately 50 additional school websites by Nesta, covering computer science, geography and drama.
```
